
Each of the radionuclide contaminant transport models described in Section
\ref{sec:nuclide_models} capture different combintations of physics present in
the hydrologic contaminant transport problem. To determine how effectively
these physics were captured, single-effect simulations were conducted with
\Cyder and compared to similar analysis \cite{huff_key_2012} conducted with a
more detailed radionuclide transport model, the Clay \gls{GDSM}
\cite{clayton_generic_2011}. The Clay \gls{GDSM} was developed by the \gls{UFD}
Campaign within the \gls{DOE} Office of Nuclear Energy using the GoldSim
simulation environment \cite{golder_associates_goldsim_2010}. Hydrologic
contaminant transport in the Clay \gls{GDSM} relies on the GoldSim contaminant
transport module \cite{golder_associates_goldsim_2010-1}.

These single-effect sensitivity analyses were constructed by repeated
multi-component simulation runs conducted across the valid range for a single
parameter. To verify the behavior of a single parameter of each of the \Cyder
models, one hundred multi-component simulations were conducted, each with a
different value of that parameter.  This parametric analysis was conducted to
show that, for an arbitrary isotope, the expected dependence on that parameter
is captured. In the case of real isotopes in a full simulation, the same model
will be invoked with real parameters for each isotope. Thus, the this model
agreement is representative in all cases.

The results acheived with \Cyder were compared to the results of a similiar
parametric sensitivity analysis using the Clay \gls{GDSM} which was reported in
\cite{huff_key_2012}.

\subsubsection{Solubility Sensitivity}
\input{./results/sol_results}
\FloatBarrier
\subsubsection{Sorption Sensitivity}
\input{./results/kd}
\FloatBarrier
\subsubsection{Waste Form Degradation Rate Sensitivity}
\input{./results/wf_deg_inv}
\FloatBarrier
